[Serve] Java documentation (#26321)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/managing-java-deployments.md

# Managing Java Deployments

Java is one of the mainstream programming languages for production services. Ray Serve natively supports Java API for creating, updating and managing deployments. You can create deployment using Java and call them via Python, or vice versa.

> 

Reviewer: Java is one of the mainstream programming languages for production services. Ray Serve natively supports Java API for creating, updating, and managing deployments. You can create serve deployment using ....

> 

Reviewer: updating, and managing deployments..

Reviewer: Might want to use serial comma (https://academicguides.waldenu.edu/writingcenter/apa/other/serialcommas)

Author: Thank you for your suggestion. It has been modified according to the `Serial Comma`.

# Managing Java Deployments

> Java is one of the mainstream programming languages. Some users are used to using Java for daily development. Therefore, we provide the Ray Serve Java API. Through this Java API, users can manage the deployments written in Java. At the same time, Java API can also manage Python model deployments across languages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Java is one of the mainstream programming languages for production services. Ray Serve natively supports Java API for creating, updating and managing deployments. You can create deployment using Java and call them via Python, or vice versa. 
```

This section should help you:

- create, query, update and configure Java deployments
- configure resources of your Java deployments

> - manage Python deployments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- manage Python deployments using Java API
```

```java
import io.ray.api.Ray;
import io.ray.serve.api.Serve;
import io.ray.serve.deployment.Deployment;
import io.ray.serve.generated.DeploymentLanguage;
import java.io.File;

public class ManagePythonDeployment {

  public static void main(String[] args) {

    System.setProperty(
        "ray.job.code-search-path",
        System.getProperty("java.class.path") + File.pathSeparator + "/path/to/code/");

    Serve.start(true, false, null, null);

    Deployment deployment =
        Serve.deployment()
            .setDeploymentLanguage(DeploymentLanguage.PYTHON)
            .setName("counter")
            .setDeploymentDef("counter.Counter")
            .setNumReplicas(1)
            .setInitArgs(new Object[] {"1"})
            .create();
    deployment.deploy(true);

    System.out.println(Ray.get(deployment.getHandle().method("increase").remote("2")));
  }
}

```

> NOTE: Before `Ray.init` or `Serve.start`, we need to set the directory to find the Python code. For details, please refer to [Cross-Language Programming](cross_language).

## Future Roadmap

In the future, we will provide more features on Ray Serve Java, such as:

> - better Java API experience
> - HTTP ingress for Ray Serve Java
> - deploy a Java Spring project as a deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- improved API to match the Python version
- HTTP ingress support
- bring your own Java Spring project as a deployment
```
